docs/using.md, before:

# Using Gofer Grader

1. Write your tests in [ok test format](ok-test-format.html),
   and distribute them the same way you distribute lab notebooks
   to students.
2. In the lab notebooks distributed to your students, import
   the `check` function on top:

   ```python
   from gofer.ok import check
   ```

3. At various points, insert `check cells`, like:

   ```python
   check('tests/q1.py')
   ```

   This will run the tests in `q1.py` with the student's
   current environment, and provide interactive results.

## Drop-in replacement for okpy

If you are currently using okpy in notebooks, you will
import it like:

```python
from client.api.notebook import Notebook
ok = Notebook('test1.ok')
ok.auth()
```

And then your grading cells will look like:

```python
_ = ok.grade('q1.py')
```

A small shim is provided so this interface will continue
to not error!

`ok.auth` and `ok.submit` are empty methods that do
nothing. `ok.grade` does the same thing as `gofer.ok.check`,
but also displays the output if run inside an IPython
environment, to mimic okpy's behavior.

Commit message:

Update install documentation and add Gofer demo files

docs/using.md, after:

# Using Gofer Grader

1. Write your tests in [ok test format](ok-test-format.md),
   and distribute them the same way you distribute lab notebooks
   to students.
2. In the lab notebooks distributed to your students, import
   the `check` function on top:

   ```python
   from gofer.ok import check
   ```

3. At various points, insert `check cells`, like:

   ```python
   check('tests/q1.py')
   ```

   This will run the tests in `q1.py` with the student's
   current environment, and provide interactive results.

Click [here](GoferDemo.zip) for a demo file of a lab notebook and test suite.

## Drop-in replacement for okpy

If you are currently using okpy in notebooks, you will
import it like:

```python
from client.api.notebook import Notebook
ok = Notebook('test1.ok')
ok.auth()
```

And then your grading cells will look like:

```python
_ = ok.grade('q1.py')
```

A small shim is provided so this interface will continue
to not error!

`ok.auth` and `ok.submit` are empty methods that do
nothing. `ok.grade` does the same thing as `gofer.ok.check`,
but also displays the output if run inside an IPython
environment, to mimic okpy's behavior.
